♪During the dark night♪
♪A guiding light♪
♪Just like you♪
♪Makes life turn bright♪
♪Breaking free from darkness♪
♪You gave me strength♪
♪Running for truth♪
♪I find my path♪
♪Drawing on the hope♪
♪That you render me♪
♪In this long journey♪
♪I run on lightly♪
[Reborn]
[Adapted from Qiang Yu's work, Reborn]
What... What AIDS?
Who told you that?
Nonsense! These are simply rumors!
If it's nonsense,
why didn't you argue with them?
How?
How am I even able
to argue with so many people?
You are so ignorant.
Words can kill, you know?
But if we don't make it clear,
we keep getting bullied
and dragged into trouble,
no matter where we go.
Who bullied you?
We've already moved to a new place.
She's dead.
Everything is in the past.
No, it's not.
What do you want, then?
An explanation.
It's the only way to shut them up.
Hiding and running away
will only make things worse.
What do you hope to explain?
Don't act superior
just because you've been to school.
This is about your education.
Don't squabble with me.
Focus on your studies instead.
Give me a break, will you?
Let me have some peace.
Didn't we agree
to not talk about the past
after moving here?
The past is weighing heavily on her.
She is a big girl now.
Try a different approach
when you talk to her.
This conversation is over.
A shot for me, then.
[Episode 2]
[The Blade of Gossip]
Nice handwriting,
almost identical to mine.
This is the first
and the last time
I'm doing your homework.
People would do anything to do this.
But their handwriting is awful.
I'm not obliged to help you.
Hey.
It's not an obligation.
This is compensation.
Were you talking to Ming Sheng just now?
Did you know him before?
I heard him calling you
"Beiyu's little sister".
Do you have an older sister?
No, I am the oldest.
I have a younger brother.
Are you two close?
I just want you
to stay cautious.
Why?
Watch out for the girls in our class.
Ming Sheng is quite something.
Every student in Huanzhou
knows about him.
He's good-looking, loyal to friends,
and truly one of a kind.
Sheng.
Let's hang out after school.
Sure.
Great.
Get the guys from Class 4 too.
I can't make it today.
I have training.
My homework has been settled.
I'll wake up early tomorrow
to finish mine.
I've settled mine.
He is rash, mischievous, and arrogant,
more like one of the worst.
Ming Sheng takes a lot of leave
and submits his homework late.
But it's only because
he is exceptionally talented.
He won
first prize
in the national biology competition.
He may be mischievous,
but he still gets good grades.
He accomplished great things
without being a bookworm.
Of course he'd be popular in school.
Let's go.
Bye.
They are playing basketball.
Come, watch the game with me.
I don't get it.
We were trying to help out that day.
The diner owner
insisted Sheng broke her chair.
She filed a complaint to the school.
You could explain it to Sun.
There's no need for that.
Are you sure?
Stop right there!
♪I used to think
that everything would turn out okay♪
♪Making plans. Work hard.
You might succeed♪
♪When you try, when you fail,
nothing is really easy♪
♪That denying force♪
♪Always feels like it's there,
where we least expect it♪
♪Now you've wound up low♪
Get out of my way!
♪There is a feeling I can't let go♪
What are you doing?
♪Can't let go♪
Where is the wallet?
What are you talking about?
♪You must stay in the lead and in control♪
Where's the money?
What are they doing?
♪When you try, when you fail,
nothing is really easy♪
Where's the money?
In my pocket.
♪That denying force♪
Madam, the police have arrested
the pickpocket.
My money is all here.
Thank you so much, boys.
I didn't lose a coin.
Keep your wallet safe.
I am Ye Zilin.
I'll never forget that name.
Madam, we are from Class 5, Grade 2.
These are good boys.
Ming Sheng is so charming.
Another one.
♪There is a feeling I can't let go♪
♪Can't let go♪
Qingyu?
Are you all right?
I wonder if Heaven
sent Qiao Qingyu here
to be our jester.
Her clumsiness
is surprisingly refreshing.
It's swelling.
Qiao Qingyu.
Are you all right?
Mind your own business.
Come on.
You can't do my homework
if you get brain damage from that.
Hold this.
Do as I say.
I'm counting on you,
Qiao Qingyu.
I need your phone number.
Don't get the wrong idea.
I need it to talk to you
about my homework.
You'd better reply promptly.
I don't want any delays.
I don't have a phone.
For real?
I have an idea.
Give me your QQ contact.
It's 38250127.
[Huanzhou High School]
Don't forget my homework.
Qingyu!
Ming Sheng?
Is that really Ming Sheng?
Nicely done, Qingyu.
You managed to befriend
the famous Ming Sheng
of Huanzhou High School already.
Did you know how popular he is?
Ming Sheng
has been the MVP
of the Students' League
three years in a row.
All the guys worship him.
Whatever he is...
Qiao Jinyu.
Could you put more effort
into your studies instead?
Don't make basketball your life.
But I...
I spend all my energy and strength
on playing basketball.
That's why I got into a sports school.
What happened to your head?
Did Ming Sheng hit you?
Seriously?
He didn't hit me.
However, it was personal.
But you two have no grudges.
Why would he come after you?
Because of her.
We've moved to Huanzhou,
but she never stops pestering us.
Who is she?
Is it Qiao Beiyu?
Qiao Beiyu
used to be a big shot in Shunyun.
Every time we went out,
people assumed
we were her younger siblings.
She was the center of attention,
and we followed in her shadow,
only able to shine
because of her presence.
Good look is no good
when it gets you into trouble.
Sometimes I think
you are jealous of her.
I despise her.
Your older sister is gorgeous
and has a great figure.
I know the photos
are going to be stunning.
You can go home if you don't like this.
I told you not to tag along.
I didn't ask to come with you.
Mom is worried about you
going out alone.
Do you like it?
Okay, you look like a superstar.
Come on.
Move the chin back a little.
Raise your right hand slightly.
Show me a wider smile.
Yes. This is great!
We'll take a few more shots.
Little girl, did you take the earrings?
What earrings?
The ones in the jewelry case.
You were trying them on.
I can't find them.
Could you help me look for them?
I didn't take them.
But there wasn't
anyone else in the shop.
What's wrong?
Beiyu, I didn't take the earrings.
I only tried them on for a while
and put them back.
I...
I didn't take them.
Never mind.
They're not that expensive.
Qiao Qingyu.
Put them back if you took them.
I didn't!
See for yourselves.
My baby!
Baby!
I've been waiting.
Give me a hug.
I bought you flowers.
Do you like them?
Thanks.
Don't mention it.
You must be tired
of all those lessons today.
It's all right.
Let's go. I'm starving.
Come, we are having seafood.
Qiao Beiyu.
I'm in Huanzhou for the IMO.
Mom wants you to have the fruits.
Who are you? I don't know you.
You must be her sister back home.
I said I don't know her.
Let's go.
I can see the resemblance.
Qiao Beiyu! I don't know you either,
and I never will.
Now that I think about it,
I feel sorry for Beiyu sometimes.
Growing up in Nanqiao Village,
Mom and Dad barely
gave her any attention.
And then, her life was cut short.
She is dead.
She can't hear them badmouthing her.
But the rest of us?
Why should we suffer because of her?
We're the ones who deserve pity.
She lived as a troublemaker.
After she died,
she is still a burden to us all.
Mom
is scared of health textbooks.
People mock me and pick on me
all the time.
If I could,
I wish I never had this sister.
What now?
Qiao Qingyu.
Do you think
I wouldn't make you pay?
You spread false rumors.
Qiao Beiyu died of appendicitis.
It's not what you said.
Can you prove it?
Where is your proof, then?
Don't slander her.
I can prove it.
Before your sister died,
she was receiving treatments
in People's Hospital.
The president of the hospital
is my dad.
Don't make claims
unless you can prove it.
Let's get the training suits
from the dance studio.
Okay.
What are you looking at?
See how different Mumu is
from the girls in our class?
Come on.
I can prove it.
Before your sister died,
she was receiving treatments
in People's Hospital.
The president of the hospital
is my dad.
You guys carry on.
Jiang Nian.
Can I borrow your phone for a moment?
Okay.
[President of People's Hospital]
[Ming Qiuxin, President
of the Huanzhou People's Hospital]
It was appendicitis.
I told you before.
There were complications after surgery.
Oh.
You're back.
Jinrui?
You're back from school.
Let me introduce.
This is your future
cousin-in-law, Xiaoyun.
Nice to meet you.
My name is Nie Xiaoyun.
This is my cousin, Qiao Qingyu.
Hello.
Come, let's sit down.
You too.
Xiaoyun,
has anyone told you
you look like a movie star?
Never.
Fanghao.
Could you slice some fruit for us?
It's all right.
Congratulations, Jinrui.
Thank you.
Impressive, Jinrui.
She is so outstanding.
I'm flattered.
We've decided on the wedding date.
Grandpa and Dad insisted
that we drop by your house.
We want to personally
invite you to our wedding.
How thoughtful of you.
When is the wedding reception?
We plan to have it in Nanqiao Village
next Chinese Lunar New Year.
The folks of Nanqiao Village
practically watched me grow up.
I want
to share the joy
of my wedding with them.
You are the eldest child
in the whole family after all.
Tradition dictates that you hold it
in your hometown.
Yes.
Jinrui,
how did you manage
to get such a beautiful wife?
Jinrui, I heard you're
the department head now.
I'm not the head.
I just got promoted
to Senior Staff Member.
So, you're practically
a Section Chief then.
Xiaoyun, did you know
that Jinrui was
the first in Nanqiao Village
to make it into one
of the Project 211 Universities?
He is the first
to become a Section Chief
in a state-owned corporation.
My grandparents,
Uncle Jiangsheng, and my father
adored Jinrui more than anyone else.
The rest of us were so jealous of him.
Well, make Jinrui your role model.
You may be cousins,
but you two are nothing alike.
Xiaoyun, keep an eye on Jinrui.
There is a long line of people
waiting to marry their daughters to him.
Watch your mouth.
It's all right.
I still see Qing and Yu
as the kids
who caught fish with me
in the village stream.
We were all just kids back then.
I rarely go back
because I've been busy with work.
I haven't seen Qing and Yu
in a few years.
Especially Yu.
You've grown so tall now.
Yeah.
Jinrui and I went back
to Nanqiao Village last month.
His mom showed us a lot of old photos.
I also took some photos.
Check this out.
See this?
The kid wearing the split trousers
is actually Yu.
That is me?
You looked hideous.
Who is this? She is gorgeous.
This is Qiao Beiyu.
Beiyu was...
The daughter of a distant relative.
I see.
Fanghao.
Where are the fruits?
Check on your mom.
Well, she fell sick
and passed away last year.
I'm sorry.
I didn't know.
I didn't mean to bring it up.
It's all right.
You're getting married.
Have you bought a house?
Our families put together
the down payment for a small unit.
The house is already nicely furnished.
All it needs is
a little bit of cleaning.
We won't have to deal
with the formaldehyde of a new house.
Great.
Come, have some fruits.
Knock yourselves out.
Qingyu.
Put this on.
Thanks.
Is this your secret hideout?
What a view.
It's nice to have a rooftop
to take a rest.
Well?
Is the competition intense at school?
Yeah. The students here
all have great grades.
Don't feel stressed.
It's important to have good grades,
but when you become an adult,
all the A's you got
won't be too useful at work.
What do you mean?
I mean you have a long life
ahead of you.
There are plenty of things
you can't learn from a textbook.
Where can I learn them?
Learn from your experience.
The world has its way
of showing you how to grow up.
You don't have to.
Just take this.
It's only natural to give
my little sister a red envelope
after a visit.
Now that you've grown up
and care about your looks,
you'll have plenty of things
to spend money on.
I know your mom has been
very strict with you.
Consider this red envelope our secret.
Don't tell your mom about it.
Okay.
When I get a job,
I'll give one to your kid too.
I should charge you an interest.
It's cold out there,
so don't stay too long.
I should get going.
Jinrui.
Hmm?
Something has been bugging me.
What is it?
How did Beiyu die?
Jinyu.
Yes?
Do you believe Qiao Beiyu
died of appendicitis?
That's what our parents told us.
She died soon after the surgery.
I actually don't buy that story.
Seriously? You?
You believe everything Mom says.
Why would you ever doubt her?
Mom and Dad are always so evasive
when we bring up
Qiao Beiyu.
Guilt is the only explanation.
What do you think the truth is?
I don't know.
I asked Jinrui just now.
Appendicitis.
Something went wrong with the surgery.
A minor sickness took her life.
But everyone said she died from AIDS.
People believe what they want to,
regardless of the truth.
In fact,
I am partly responsible too.
I failed to guide her as a senior.
That's why she went astray.
She was so young.
Her life had just begun.
But the end came too soon.
Jinrui told me the same thing
our parents did.
Maybe they avoid talking about her
because they feel sad.
After all, who wants
to reopen old wounds?
[Huanzhou High School]
What?
I don't care if your dad works
at the People's Hospital.
What you said was false.
Qiao Qingyu.
I could tell everyone
your dirty little secret.
I can't control what you say,
so do whatever you want.
But I won't be blackmailed again.
[Despicable]
I'll make you pay.
Sheng.
What did she write?
Nothing.
A love letter.
Don't be silly.
For real?
Cut it out.
Let me see it.
Nothing to see here.
Just a peek?
It's nothing.
Back off.
Just one look.
Sheng, let us have a look.
Show me.
Sheng, come on.
Fine, go on.
Everyone, submit your homework.
Qiao Qingyu, turn in your homework.
Mathematics, Chinese Language,
Physics, and Chemistry.
Did you leave all your homework at home?
I finished them and brought them
to school. They were here.
Ye Zilin and Chen Hao
said the same thing
when they didn't do their homework.
I can't wait forever.
I must hand in the homework.
Hey, you know the drill, right?
If someone doesn't finish
or bring their homework,
they must rewrite it three times.
None of your business.
We're in different conditions.
Who knows about her?
Sheng.
When did you get home?
You could have told me.
It's nothing noteworthy.
I'm leaving anyway.
Stop right there!
You come and go as you please.
This is your home, not a hotel.
My home is an old house
in Chaoyang Village.
This is your home.
And yours too!
You barely
even come home.
But when you run out of money,
you always show up.
I want you to record
every single amount I take from you.
Once I've graduated from university,
I'll pay you back,
including the interest.
I am your father!
I have a grandpa and a mother.
I don't have a father.
Ever since I was little,
my grandpa sent me to school,
picked me up, and paid the school fees.
And you?
You've done nothing.
I was too busy.
Just another excuse!
My mom was right
to have left you.
To others,
you're a lifesaving doctor.
But to me,
you're nothing but a selfish man.
A man like you
doesn't deserve to have a family.
You...
Hurry up.
Quick.
Start running!
Faster!
Ye Zilin, don't you dare try this again!
Hurry up!
Miss!
Qiao Qingyu's on her period.
Qingyu.
Clean yourself up in the toilet.
Start running!
Jiang Nian.
You carry an extra uniform.
Could I borrow it?
I can't.
Qingyu.
Did your sister, Qiao Beiyu,
die from AIDS?
What?
Did you tell others?
What do you mean?
Did you tell everyone about Qiao Beiyu?
Don't be silly.
You're despicable.
Qiao Qingyu.
Don't attack me.
You started it.
That is why you are being silly.
You started accusing me
before you even learned anything.
Borrow a uniform.
Don't catch a cold.
Look here.
AIDS is transmitted through blood
and intercourse.
A child could get it from the mother.
It's not an airborne disease.
Enough.
Move aside.
I need a nap.
Look here.
There was a girl called Qiao Beiyu.
Her parents filed a lawsuit
against the hospital
over a medical procedure.
Do you remember anything?
I think your father was
in charge of that.
He determined
that the hospital wasn't responsible.
He did as the mediation panel suggested
and compensated them.
I bought you the trousers just days ago.
How did you ruin it already?
The smudge won't come off.
Your dad and I had to
borrow a couple of grand
so you could go to school here.
Jinyu is young and insensible,
but you should be more mature.
My classmates were playing
during recess.
They got the smudge on me.
I told you to stay away from them.
It was an accident.
Didn't I tell you
to stay away from those nasty classmates?
They could be a bad influence.
See? This is what you get.
It's not that bad.
Qiao Qingyu, listen up.
You are influenced by your company.
Stay with classmates who study hard.
Choosing the right friends is important.
Otherwise, you'll regret it
when you are worse off.
No one ever listens to me.
It's just trousers.
I'll wash them.
Don't you dare!
I'll get you a pair of new trousers.
Why didn't you tell Mom and Dad
you were bullied?
Dad never calls the shots,
and you know Mom's bad temper.
If she found out,
things could get even worse.
What do we do now?
You can't keep letting them bully you.
We need evidence.
What evidence?
The evidence that shows
Qiao Beiyu's real cause of death.
Our conscience is clear.
That's all that matters.
She is dead.
Why bother going through the trouble?
Proving Qiao Beiyu's cause of death
is the only way to stop the bullying.
Or else, no matter where we go,
it'll be the same.
Let's go.
All right, everyone.
Let's begin.
[Appendicitis]
Turn to page 32 of the textbook.
Let's have a look.
Information retrieval
from online databases.
As part of modern computing,
databases...
[Appendicitis mortality rate]
Appendicitis is relatively safe.
It rarely causes deaths.
Turn on the computer
and create a new form.
I'm Wang Mumu from Class 1, Grade 3.
I know you. They mentioned your name.
I heard about you from them too.
I've seen you
in the neighborhood, Qiao Qingyu.
I live on Floor 8,
Block 13, Chaoyang Village.
That makes us neighbors.
Yup.
They know each other?
Why aren't you eating?
Our class is cleaning the swimming pool.
I have to go after this.
Qiao Qingyu.
You showed no signs of lying.
Good acting.
I didn't lie.
So, are you telling me
you don't remember
what you searched online
in the computer class?
I warned you.
Don't spread lies
unless you can prove it.
Even if your dad
is the hospital president,
what does it prove?
How about this?
It's
explicitly stated.
Hand it over.
I wouldn't.
The truth might be
too much for you.
Hand it over!
Qingyu fell into the water.
This is not a love story.
This is real action.
Save her!
Okay!
It was a ruse, silly.
That was despicable.
I didn't know you'd risk your life
for a document.
But thankfully, I saved you.
So, we are even now.
Just you wait. I'll prove you wrong.
♪Perhaps♪
♪The more we care,
the more careful we become♪
♪Counting the distance
that separates us♪
♪A single step,
and we'd be closer still♪
♪In the future♪
♪Time will reveal this secret♪
♪Waiting is a silent promise♪
♪That never expires♪
♪Turns out that what's on my mind♪
♪Is your name♪
♪The only stubbornness in my heart♪
♪At first sight♪
♪The future has been determined♪
♪Dreams began to feel real♪
♪Turns out that what's on your mind♪
♪Is a place♪
♪Where the same story is held dear♪
♪Fortunately, I'm not sensible enough♪
♪Courage wasn't late too♪
♪Only then does time not betray
our acquaintance♪